Update assist documentation (#26065)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/docs/assist/index.markdown

Did Assist not understand your sentence? [Contribute them.](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/voice/intent-recognition/)

> If you have opted to not use `default_config:` you must enable the [conversation](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/conversation/) integration before you can use Assist.

Reviewer: Thank you for adding this, @langestefan :muscle: 

I would include the symptom in the description and place the remedy before the cause of the issue.
Also, I think it would make sense to move this section above _Did Assist not understand..._, because it is directly related to the _Look for the Assist icon_ section. 

```suggestion
The Assist icon doesn't show up? Make sure the [conversation](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/conversation/) integration is enabled. If you use YAML for configuration and have removed `default_config:`, the conversation integration may not be included in the config file.
```

> The Assist icon doesn't show up? Make sure the [conversation](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/conversation/) integration is enabled. If you use YAML for configuration and have removed `default_config:`, the conversation integration may not be included in the config file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Assist icon doesn't show up? Make sure the [conversation](/integrations/conversation/) integration is enabled. If you use YAML for configuration and have removed `default_config:`, the conversation integration may not be included in the config file.
```
